Mention unofficial Nix builds in Installing Solidity (#16402)
ethereum/solidity: docs/installing-solidity.rst

Linux Packages
==============

We provide :ref:`standalone binaries <static-binaries>` of the compiler that should run on most
distributions without any additional installation steps.

Some Linux distributions provide their own packages.
These packages are not directly maintained by us but usually kept up-to-date by the respective
package maintainers.

Ubuntu packages for versions up to 0.8.30 are available in the
`ethereum/ethereum PPA <https://launchpad.net/~ethereum/+archive/ubuntu/ethereum>`_.
However, we have discontinued this distribution method and future versions will not be added there.

Arch Linux provides a script for building and installing the latest release version in its AUR

> repository: `solidity <https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/solidity>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Arch Linux, a community-maintained AUR package is available for building and installing the latest release version: `solidity <https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/solidity>`_.
```

One might argue that Arch Linux doesn't provide anything in the AUR, it's the users/community.

Author: I mean, AUR is a part of their infrastructure, so I think it's fair to say they do provide it in some sense.

But generally I agree that it's better to emphasize that it's community-maintained. I'll reword it.

Alternatively, one can also install official binaries using the
`solidity-bin <https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/solidity-bin>`_ script.

.. note::

    Please be aware that `AUR <https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Arch_User_Repository>`_ packages
    are produced and maintained by users and not vetted in any way by the distro maintainers.
    Exercise caution when using them.

> On Nix, unofficial builds are available via `solc.nix <https://github.com/hellwolf/solc.nix>`_.

Reviewer: This is fundamentally the same thing as for the AUR package. Can't we just write something like

```
Unofficial and community-maintained builds are available on

- Nix via `solc.nix <https://github.com/hellwolf/solc.nix>`_,
- Arch Linux via the `solidity <https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/solidity>`_ AUR package.

.. note::

    Please be aware that these packages are produced and maintained ....
```

Author: Sure, that sounds good.
